= Version history

== 1.0.0 (???)

* *BreakingChange* Remove deprecated API on stream reader/writer
  class and instead sync the API with Ruby's zlib library
  (Ticket #12 by me).
* *BreakingChange* StreamWriter.new and StreamReader.new do not accept
  a block anymore. This is part of syncing with Ruby's zlib API.
* *BreakingChange* StreamReader.open and StreamWriter.open always
  return the new instance, even if a block is given to the method
  (previous behaviour was to return the return value of the block).
  This is part of the syncing with Ruby's zlib API.
* *BreakingChange* Stream#close now returns nil instead of the
  number of bytes written. This syncs Stream#close with Ruby's
  own IO#close, which also returns nil.
* *Dependency* Remove dependency on ffi. ruby-xz now uses fiddle from
  the stdlib instead.
* *Dependency* Remove dependency on io-like. ruby-xz now implements
  all the IO mechanics itself. (Ticket #10 by me)
* *Dependency* Bump required Ruby version to 2.3.0.
* *Fix* libzlma.dylib not being found on OS X (Ticket #15 by
  s0nspark).

== 0.2.3 (2015-12-29)

* *Fix* documentation of XZ module (a :nodoc: was causing havoc
  in the XZ module so it appeared to have no methods).
* No other changes this release.

== 0.2.2 (2015-12-27)

* *Add* XZ.disable_deprecation_notices
* *Deprecate* use of XZ::StreamReader.open with an IO argument
* *Deprecate* use of XZ::StreamReader.new with a filename argument
* *Deprecate* use of XZ::StreamWriter.open with an IO argument
* *Deprecate* use of XZ::StreamWriter.new with a filename argument
* *Deprecate* nonautomatic IO close in XZ::StreamReader#close
* *Deprecate* nonautomatic IO close in XZ::StreamWriter#close
* *Fix* incompatibility with Resolv.getaddress() in Ruby 2.2 (Ticket #13
  by Ken Simon)
* Goal of these deprecations is to sync the API with Ruby’s own
  Zlib::GzipWriter and Zlib::GzipReader mostly.
* Add required versions to gemspec.
* Comment format cleanup, results in better docs.
* Internal code cleanup
* Add more tests.

== 0.2.1 (2014-02-08)

* Build the gem properly on Ruby 2.0+ (PR #8 by Nana Sakisaka (saki7))
* Release the GIL when interfacing with liblzma (PR #7 by Lars Christensen (larsch))

== 0.2.0 (2013-06-23)

* Fix #6 (errors on JRuby) by Ben Nagy
* <b>Remove 1.8 compatibility</b>

== 0.1.0 (2013-02-17)

* <b>Add XZ::StreamReader and XZ::StreamWriter for io-like behaviour.</b>
* New dependency on the +io-like+ gem.
* <b>Add Ruby 1.8 compatibility.</b> Thanks to Christoph Plank.
* We now have proper unit tests.
